Update docker-compose.mdx (#282)
pezzolabs/pezzo: docs/deployment/docker-compose.mdx

cd pezzo
```

## Add the necessary environmental variables

> Append the environmental variables from the Apps folder to the Pezzo directory
> 
> ```bash
> cat apps/server/.env >> .env.local
> cat apps/console/.env >> .env.local
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append the environmental variables from the `apps/` folder to the root directory

```bash
cat apps/server/.env >> .env.local
cat apps/console/.env >> .env.local
```

```
